SLOC : 
generate a sloc report and put it into the load
that initial capability would give us the rudimentary ability to see the size of the source code that generated the load.
long term there are other improvements we'd like to make to that.  
basically i believe it would be possibly to collect the slocs per file per commit (to the dev branch).  doing so would then allow us to meet a variety of different asks/use cases for slocs.
for instance we'd be able to filter by component, data service, file type, etc.  gaining the ability to do that would increase our ability to produce BOE (basis of estimates)

additionally we'd be able to spot SLOC trends over time
 
anyway, step 1 of this work would be to write up a roadmap for these improvements to the product.  
and once that roadmap is in place, then we could define a series of milestones and then tune sprint goals towards those milestones.  what do you think of all this?
Create a roadmap for "SLOC Automation"
Milestone 1...update sms build to add SLOC report to each load
 Create a software design for milestone 1
Describe appropriate maven stage where this would occur
Describe how to organize the SLOC repoprt within the load
the ucc-g tool will place the output file wherever you want it to go
 
the first obstacle may be getting ucc-g to be available on moncloud.  
i believe all scis were instructed to use the ucc-g from joe cook's home area...not sure why.  perhaps a licensing issue?  not sure if/how we can get it on monclouds.  if it is not already there, then i think we have a few options...
locate it in artifactory
upload it to artifactory ourselves

----------------------------------------
Software Design:
1/Task Description

2/Software Design Details:

Description of the intended software change
What Components/Data Services/Libraries are impacted?
Will any new classes be added?
Will any refactoring occur as part of this task?
Roadmap
Describe the concrete steps that will take the task from the current state to completion
Comprised of mini-milestones (a time estimate at each step would be helpful)
Inch-stone steps can help drive the JIRA stories and portray accurate picture of ETC
Artifacts
UML, block diagrams, class diagrams, sequence diagrams
Create a folder in Teams -> Software Design Review -> C45 -> SPY7-XXX (SCR)
Attach output directly in slide deck
Leave source files in Teams folder

3/Test Plan:
Describe how to prove success
Automated tests
L1 tests – unit tests
L2 tests – test of component through its public API 
Existing tests leveraged?
Test coverage expected?
Desktop test
Procedure to follow to demonstrate capability
Test shot
Description (if necessary) – where, when, who, what?
Procedure and objectives of the test

4/Estimate of Complexity


